README.md, before:

# Cachet

[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/26730195/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/26730195/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/CachetHQ/Cachet/2.3.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/CachetHQ/Cachet)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD3-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/cachet/localized.svg)](http://translate.cachethq.io/project/cachet)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cachethq/cachet.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/cachethq/cachet)

![Screenshot](https://cachethq.io/img/main-interface.jpg)

Cachet is a beautiful and powerful open source status page system.

## Features

- List your services components
- Log incidents
- Apply custom CSS to the status page
- Markdown support for incident messages
- JSON API
- Translated into eleven languages
- Metrics
- Cross-database support: MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite
- Subscriber notifications via Email
- Two factor authentication using Google Authenticator

## Requirements

- PHP 5.5.9 - 7.1
- Apache or Nginx server
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)

## I'm looking to contribute to this awesome project!

Sweet, we're always looking for contributions that improve Cachet! It's easy to get started and you don't even need to know how to write a single line of code!

### Contributing as a non-developer/non-designer

We're always looking for new [translations](#translations).

Of course bug reports, feature requests and [documentation](https://docs.cachethq.io) are always appreciated.

### Contributing as a designer

As Cachet gains new features, the design and ideas that were once a perfect fit need updating and in some cases designing from scratch. This is where you come in! Fancy giving Cachet a lick of paint? Sweet!

You'll need to install Node.js, Bower and Gulp.

To get started you can do the following:

1. Install Node.js and our dev dependencies.
2. Make your changes to the SCSS files in `./resources/assets/sass/`
3. Run `gulp`

If you're making a lot of changes, you'll find that running `gulp watch` will make life easier for you!

### Contributing as a developer

Built using [Laravel](https://laravel.com).

We use these extra dependencies to develop Cachet:

- Node.js
- Gulp
- Git

Once cloned to your local machine, you'll need some demo data! Run `php artisan cachet:seed` to get the demo installation ready for action.

## Installation, Upgrades and Documentation

Documentation is found at [https://docs.cachethq.io](https://docs.cachethq.io).

Here are some useful quick links:

- [Installing Cachet](https://docs.cachethq.io/docs/installing-cachet)
- [Getting started with Docker](https://docs.cachethq.io/docs/get-started-with-docker)

### Demo Account

To test out the demo, you may login to the [Dashboard](https://demo.cachethq.io/dashboard) with the following:

- **Username:** `test` or `test@test.com`
- **Password:** `test123`

The demo is reset every half hour.

### Release Notes

We list releases on the [Releases page](https://github.com/CachetHQ/Cachet/releases) of the [Cachet GitHub repository](https://github.com/CachetHQ/Cachet). On the Releases page, you can also find the release notes for each release.

## Translations

If you'd like to contribute translations, please check out our [CrowdIn project](https://crowdin.com/project/cachet).

> Thank you to our [translators](https://crowdin.com/project/cachet/activity_stream), who have allowed us to share Cachet with the world!

## Show your support

Cachet is a BSD-3-licensed open source project.

## Professional Installation Service

We offer a professional installation service. To find out more, email us at [support@alt-three.com](mailto:support@alt-three.com?Cachet Installation)

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Cachet, please send an e-mail to us at support@alt-three.com. We handle all security vulnerabilities on a case-by-case basis.

Commit message:

README: Archiving the project
Signed-off-by: Sandro Bonazzola <sbonazzo@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenShift Status Cachet

> IMPORTANT: This project has been discontinued
> See discussion on https://github.com/oVirt/openshift-status-cachet/pull/4
>
> Keeping the following section only for reference.



---

# Cachet

[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/26730195/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/26730195/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/CachetHQ/Cachet/2.3.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/CachetHQ/Cachet)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD3-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/cachet/localized.svg)](http://translate.cachethq.io/project/cachet)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cachethq/cachet.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/cachethq/cachet)

![Screenshot](https://cachethq.io/img/main-interface.jpg)

Cachet is a beautiful and powerful open source status page system.

## Features

- List your services components
- Log incidents
- Apply custom CSS to the status page
- Markdown support for incident messages
- JSON API
- Translated into eleven languages
- Metrics
- Cross-database support: MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite
- Subscriber notifications via Email
- Two factor authentication using Google Authenticator

## Requirements

- PHP 5.5.9 - 7.1
- Apache or Nginx server
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)

## I'm looking to contribute to this awesome project!

Sweet, we're always looking for contributions that improve Cachet! It's easy to get started and you don't even need to know how to write a single line of code!

### Contributing as a non-developer/non-designer

We're always looking for new [translations](#translations).

Of course bug reports, feature requests and [documentation](https://docs.cachethq.io) are always appreciated.

### Contributing as a designer

As Cachet gains new features, the design and ideas that were once a perfect fit need updating and in some cases designing from scratch. This is where you come in! Fancy giving Cachet a lick of paint? Sweet!

You'll need to install Node.js, Bower and Gulp.

To get started you can do the following:

1. Install Node.js and our dev dependencies.
2. Make your changes to the SCSS files in `./resources/assets/sass/`
3. Run `gulp`

If you're making a lot of changes, you'll find that running `gulp watch` will make life easier for you!

### Contributing as a developer

Built using [Laravel](https://laravel.com).

We use these extra dependencies to develop Cachet:

- Node.js
- Gulp
- Git

Once cloned to your local machine, you'll need some demo data! Run `php artisan cachet:seed` to get the demo installation ready for action.

## Installation, Upgrades and Documentation

Documentation is found at [https://docs.cachethq.io](https://docs.cachethq.io).

Here are some useful quick links:

- [Installing Cachet](https://docs.cachethq.io/docs/installing-cachet)
- [Getting started with Docker](https://docs.cachethq.io/docs/get-started-with-docker)

### Demo Account

To test out the demo, you may login to the [Dashboard](https://demo.cachethq.io/dashboard) with the following:

- **Username:** `test` or `test@test.com`
- **Password:** `test123`

The demo is reset every half hour.

### Release Notes

We list releases on the [Releases page](https://github.com/CachetHQ/Cachet/releases) of the [Cachet GitHub repository](https://github.com/CachetHQ/Cachet). On the Releases page, you can also find the release notes for each release.

## Translations

If you'd like to contribute translations, please check out our [CrowdIn project](https://crowdin.com/project/cachet).

> Thank you to our [translators](https://crowdin.com/project/cachet/activity_stream), who have allowed us to share Cachet with the world!

## Show your support

Cachet is a BSD-3-licensed open source project.

## Professional Installation Service

We offer a professional installation service. To find out more, email us at [support@alt-three.com](mailto:support@alt-three.com?Cachet Installation)

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Cachet, please send an e-mail to us at support@alt-three.com. We handle all security vulnerabilities on a case-by-case basis.
